All right so the aged female version or theme we have the it's all done but we need to do the same.
SS All right.
So let's go ahead and open up at dot CSS and if we take a look at the template we're going to start
with the core styles.
Now you'll notice that by default the buttons and the links are blue.
I actually want to change that to red.
All right so we're going to do here is we're going to put in a tag in let's say color and it's going
to be a value of e c to see two f k which will give it that red color.
All right so that's the length.
Now we also want the buttons to have a background color of that
right.
And I also want to give the buttons a little border at the bottom.
So it's a border bottom two three pixels it's two triple three solid.
OK.
Now when I hover over it it turns blue.
Same thing with the length.
So we want to fix that so let's do a hover.
I'm going to fix the color which will be triple three.
And we also want to button
hover and that's going to be the background.
All right.
Check that.
Hey that's good.
So let's now take care of this menu.
So that's in the header.
So we're going to say had our dog in the main Nav. and let's float it to the right and let's to margin
top 30 pixels and let's set the font size a little bigger we'll do 18 pixels.
All right.
And then for the ally tags going to do those
.
We just want to give up padding right twenty
reload and there we go.
Let's also give a little margin to the header on the bottom
.
OK.
So next let's do the Showcase area.
So that has a class of showcase and it also has a class of color.
OK so first thing we want to text aligned to the center and let's add a padding of 30 pixels and also
a margin bottom of 20 pixels.
All right.
That looks better.
Now for the products area
safe products
columns we're just going to add a margin bottom.
Right and let's do product singular and for that we want to text a line to the center I would see so
for the button I want to add a little margin to the top so I'm going to save product bought and margin
chart and let's do 10 pixels.
All right let's save that reload.
That's starting to look good.
Now for the menu on the right.
I want to add a little bit of a border underneath each list item.
So that has a class of vertical.
So say vertical ally
for the bottom is to one pixel and will do.
Triple C solid.
Yeah.
All right.
Now I don't want the last one to have a border.
So let's copy that and then we're just going to add on to this last child and we'll set this to none
.
Ok that should get rid of the last border and I think we just about there let's do the Forder.
OK or I'm going to give it to you.
Background triple three you give it a color of white.
And what else.
Let's align things to the center
.
Let's give a margin to the top
and also padding to the top.
You do 20 pixels and I think that's it.
So let's save it right.
No it doesn't look right.
Let's set a height
of 70.
That's good.
All right.
So not too bad.
Let's take a look at the details
.
And that looks good about page looks good.
Actually that shouldn't be censored.
I think I have a class in there that I shouldn't see
.
Yeah we have right here product let's take off product.
And
here we go.
All right so are h t m l template is done in the next video we're going to jump into Wordpress and we'll
start to create a WordPress theme based on this design